Jessica/10216 receive step documentation (#10971)
CDCgov/prime-reportstream: prime-router/docs/universal-pipeline/receive.md

# Receive
`Receive` is the first step a message goes through when entering the Universal Pipeline (UP). Despite its name, this step
actually occurs in the `ReportFunction.kt` file. 

There are two calls that will kick off this function:
```
POST /api/reports
POST /api/waters

> ```

Reviewer: Should there be info on expected parameters in the calls?

Reviewer 2: Is this necessary? I feel like we should just point to the swagger doc (doesn't exist yet). If you add it here, then you have to keep it up to date in multiple places instead of having a single source of truth.

`\reports` - old API, does not really have security other than checking that the sender exists. 
Still widely used.

> `\waters` - new API, uses FHIR auth security

Reviewer: Should info on FHIR auth be included here? Or will that be documented somewhere else?

Currently, the UP can receive data in either HL7 or FHIR. We are planning to support CSV in the future.

> ## Async/Sync

Reviewer 2: The Universal Pipeline is always asnyc. This function is shared with the legacy pipeline which has the option for sync.

One of the things decided in the receive step is how the message is going to be processed, synchronously or 
asynchronously. This is determined by a `processing` arg passed to the request and, if not value is passed by the 
default set for the sender. Details of what this means will be discussed later in the submission step where the 
branching logic actually occurs.  

## Validation
The main thing the `receive` step is responsible for is validating the message.
There are big plans for validation in the works (see the [design doc](../design/design/validation/design.md)). Currently 
though, we do very basic validation, like ensuring that it is a type of message we can process. Moving forward, we 

> want to validate messages against what are called an implementation guide. These specify a standard for a message type and 

Reviewer 2: We won't be validating against an implementation guide in the receive step though? Also, I wouldn't say validation is the main thing it is responsible for. I guess in a way it is, it "validates" the received report on a basic level (you should add detail here on how it does that - see my suggestion for a "How it works" section) and then it uploads it to the blob store and triggers the convert step via the Azure queue.

- `option` - currently can pass the following values:
  - `None` - normal workflow
  - `ValidatePayload` -  validate the payload, but do not process. return 200 on OK or 400 on fail
  - `CheckConnections` - health check, returns 200
  - `SkipSend` - validate and route but do not send reports. Data is kept in the hub.
  - `SendImmediately` - send the reports immediately, skip batching and timing
- `payloadname` - the message will be associated with the payloadName with the submission as part of its history/lineage
tracking, so that users can map submissions back to original filenames.
- `default` - helps set some defaults for validation
- `routeTo` - allows the sender to specify the receiver(s)
- `format` - format of the message

Currently, the UP can receive data in either HL7 or FHIR. We are planning to support CSV in the future.

### FHIR Auth Security
This is used in the `\waters` endpoint. It retrieves the access token from the request then it will attempt to 
authenticate with Okta. If that does not work then it will try Server2Server auth. If that does not work it will deem 
you Unauthorized. 

### Async/Sync

> UP pipeline is always asynchronous, but this branching logic is here since the code is shared with the legacy pipeline.

Reviewer 2: What is "this" branching logic? What/where are you referring to? (I know what you are referring to, but the reader may not)

If you explain somewhere that this step in the pipeline just accepts a report, does a little validation, and then puts it up so the next step can run then you don't even have to have a section that talks about sync vs async. Sync vs async is describing the pipeline as a whole and is not specific to any step in particular.

I would remove this whole section.

Reviewer 2: Also, in case you're really passionate about discussing the synchronicity of the pipeline, I cover it in the main README in the UP docs folder.

### Validation
Currently, we do very basic validation in the `receive` step, like ensuring that it is a type of message we can process 

> and breaking each message out into a separate message if it is a batch message. We also check for duplicates and, if 

Reviewer 2: `breaking each message out into a separate message if it is a batch message
`
I'm pretty sure this happens in the convert step? Can you double check?

Reviewer 2: Regarding duplicates, that seems to only apply to HL7 and not FHIR?

Author: For duplicates, I am pretty sure this happens in the call on line 166 of the Submission receiver which is called from line 171 of the ReportFunction.

As far as breaking it out, I did not mean that they go on the queue separately or anything, but I will take it out.

they are not allowed via the `allowDuplicate` param, reject the message. We check that the sender is valid and enabled.

> The last thing it does it upload the message to the blob store and triggers the convert step via the Azure queue. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The last thing it does is upload the message to the blob store and trigger the convert step via the Azure queue. 
```
